hey guys read here and welcome to redo
born today is a guide on the new primal
released in update 2.4 Shiba this fight
takes place in a kafar amphitheater and
to unlock shiva you need to progress
through the story missions that were
released in two point four overall hard
mode isn't too difficult but there are
still some things to look out for so a
move that she does regularly throughout
the fight is called absolute zero this
is just the wind that blows across the
area it doesn't do anything it just does
around 1,000 damage so every time that
happens just be sure to heal the group
up
so the first AoE to look out for is
these five rings that spawn all you have
to do to avoid them is move to the
outside of the arena and stand in the
parts that aren't marked so another area
to the cat 4 is a thing called hail
storm 3 players will be targeted by this
ice ring and they have to run away from
each other so they don't overlap
if the Rings do overlap more damage will
be taken to each player this is the same
as the like electricity rings in the
remove fight keep up the process of
dodging and healing until around 65%
when Shiva will go into the middle and
summon 4 adds these are eye soldiers and
should be taken out as quickly as
possible so you have around 50 seconds
to kill all four eye soldiers before
Shiva is going to circle around the
middle and cast deep freeze on everyone
depending on how quickly take out the
adds depends on how much damage you take
from her next move dust in the wind if
you took them out quickly and there are
none left by the time she goes up you're
looking at around 1,500 damage but if
you're a slower and still had one or two
in the arena when she went up you're
looking at about 3,000 damage now you're
in Phase two there was another AoE to
the count 4 as you will see there is
like rings that come on the outside of
the arena this is just like the Titan
bombs the first one that spawns is the
first one to explode and when that
explodes you can then run into that area
and you'll be safe so another thing to
look out for in phase 2 is a move Shiva
does called permafrost when you see this
you just need to have stay still because
you're on thin ice and if you move you
slide to the edge of the arena and turn
into an ice boulder another thing to the
Cal 4 after Shiva does permafrost is a
debuff called frostbite this lasts 50
seconds and does ice damage over time
so after repeating the process of
dodging the AO ease not overlapping the
hailstorms and not moving during the
permafrost you will have completely to
fight and killed Shiva you can then
carry on with the story missions from
two point four and yeah that is my guide
over I hope you enjoyed it if you did
don't forget to leave a like and
subscribe for more Final Fantasy 14
videos in the future
[Music]